I'm a software business executive. I've co-founded a company and participated in top level management at startups. I love having direct access to a problem and lead a team to be build a system around it to automate value extraction.

I'm an experienced engineering manager, with more than a decade of practice. I use processes (Scrum, Kanban) to set up baseline boundaries, let people explore, but keep herding them back to an effective trajectory, especially on scope. I give behavioural feedback as soon as possible. I do heartbeat-like technical check-ups (10 minutes every few days, depending on seniority/challenge, ideally async through code/doc reviews). I do 1:1s on larger cycle (between two weeks and a month). Super comfortable executing all other aspects (hiring, performance reviews, career progression, training, role and team structuring, etc).

I'm a long-time web developer, since 2005. I feel most comfortable on the backend (many years of experience with Ruby/Rails and Python/Django, and a few of microservices) but I'm also fond of front-end (a few years of bare Javacript and React). Comfortable with SQL (PostgreSQL, MySQL; with replication) and other data stores (Cassandra, S3). I dislike, but can cope with, painting on the screen (CSS, SVG). Very comfortable designing and building distributed systems (CAP, eventual consistency, MapReduce; Kafka, ZooKeeper, SNS, SQS, etc). I prefer a data-centric approach to problems over OOP, and composing functions over design patterns.

I'm a solid security person. I put security early in the development lifecycle, and keep an eye on OWASP. I'm very mindful of resource starvation, user-generated content sanitization, and authorization trickery. I can do vendor surveying and respond to security questionnaires. I'm experienced with GDPR and HIPAA.

I'm a very competent ops person. I'm comfortable with networked Linux servers, especially on the cloud (AWS). I can provision (terraform), configure (Puppet, Saltstack), diagnose (strace, tcpdump), network (IP, TCP, routing, BGP), document (runbooks), be on call, respond to incidents, logging, monitor, alarm, CI/CD (GitHub Actions, CircleCI, a bit of Jenkins), and clustering (AWS's ECS).
